README.md, before:

# jQuery Fundamentals Training Material #
This repository contains evolving content to be used as teaching material for a jQuery Fundamentals class, including exercises, solutions, and a web-based book.

If you're looking for the latest release of the book, visit <http://jqfundamentals.com/book/>.

## Contributing ##
This material is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 US license because I am eager to see other people contribute to it. Pull requests are welcome and encouraged! Check out the Issues page for the project to see the most recent list of things that still need to be done.

Want to contribute? Fork the repo, make your changes, and submit a pull request. The source for the book itself is in `/book/html/`.

## Using This Material ##
Per the license, you are welcome to use this material; if you're using it to teach a class, I'd love for you to let me know about it.

# Copyright & Licensing #
This material is licensed by Rebecca Murphey under the [Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 United States license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/). You are free to copy, distribute, transmit, and remix this work, provided you attribute the work to Rebecca Murphey as the original author and reference [this repository](http://github.com/rmurphey/jqfundamentals). If you alter, transform, or build upon this work, you may distribute the resulting work only under the same, similar or a compatible license. Any of the above conditions can be waived if you get permission from the copyright holder. For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of this work. The best way to do this is with a link to the [Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 United States license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/).

Commit message:

Add make instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

# jQuery Fundamentals Training Material #
This repository contains evolving content to be used as teaching material for a jQuery Fundamentals class, including exercises, solutions, and a web-based book.

If you're looking for the latest release of the book, visit <http://jqfundamentals.com/book/>.

## Contributing ##
This material is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 US license because I am eager to see other people contribute to it. Pull requests are welcome and encouraged! Check out the Issues page for the project to see the most recent list of things that still need to be done.

Want to contribute? Fork the repo, make your changes, and submit a pull request. The source for the book itself is in `/book/html/`.

## Building This Book ##
For editing and collaborating purposes, the contents of jQuery Fundamentals is broken into parts and chapters. If you would like to build a copy, simply type "make" in your terminal or console in the root folder of the project. If you are a windows user, you'll need either or [GNU Make for Windows](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm) or [cygwin](http://cygwin.com/). For example:

Clone the jqfundamentals repository to your local machine
`> git clone https://github.com/rmurphey/jqfundamentals.git`

Change to the newly cloned repository's directory
`> cd jqfundamentals`

Make the book
`> make`

This will create a folder called "publish" with the `index.html` file and related css/js folders inside of it. 

## Using This Material ##
Per the license, you are welcome to use this material; if you're using it to teach a class, I'd love for you to let me know about it.

# Copyright & Licensing #
This material is licensed by Rebecca Murphey under the [Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 United States license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/). You are free to copy, distribute, transmit, and remix this work, provided you attribute the work to Rebecca Murphey as the original author and reference [this repository](http://github.com/rmurphey/jqfundamentals). If you alter, transform, or build upon this work, you may distribute the resulting work only under the same, similar or a compatible license. Any of the above conditions can be waived if you get permission from the copyright holder. For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of this work. The best way to do this is with a link to the [Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 United States license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/).
